# Week 01 - Answer these questions about NYC


## Questions
* What does Manhattan mean?
* Who were Manhattan's first inhabitants?
* Who where the fist European explorers to "document" New York Harbor? 
   -- First 
   -- Second
   -- Third
* Who was the first non-Native American inhabitant and where did they come from?
* When did the first permeant European presence begin and which Nation supported it?
* In what year did the British rename the city to be New York?
* Where was the first President of the United States of America sworn in?
* When was slavery abolished in New York?
* The Commissioners' Plan of 1811 did what?
* The modern City of New York was consolidated in what year?
* What happened at the Seneca Falls Convention? 
What happened at the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire and what important laws grew from this event?
* What was the main goal of the progressive moment and how has that shaped NYC's government?
* What is New York City's Charter and when was it last reviewed?
* What is the City Record and what is its role in the City?
* What are the five languages of New York City Government?
* How is NYC government organized? 
* What is fusion balloting?
* What are New York City's citywide offices and responsibilities?
* What is the role of New York City's City Council and how many members does it have?
* What was the Board of Estimates and what did it do?
* What are Borough Presidents and what are their responsibilities?
* What is a Community Board and what are their City Charter granted responsibilities?
* What is a Community District?
* How do you become a Community Board member?
* How are Community Boards organized?
* What is a Borough Board?
* What is the Borough Service cabinet meeting?
* What is City agency?
* What is NYC 311?
* Who is a constituent?
* What does ULURP stand for and what is it?
* What is open government?
* What is open data?
* What is service design?